Improve descriptions tag (#2772)
near/docs: docs/tutorials/nfts/2-upgrade.md

id: upgrade-contract
title: Upgrading the Contract
sidebar_label: Upgrade a Contract

> description: "In this tutorial, you'll learn how to upgrade an existing NFT smart contract by implementing the nft_tokens_for_owner method, allowing wallets to display owned NFTs correctly. This tutorial covers deploying patch fixes, handling contract state safely, and testing your upgraded contract on NEAR."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to implement the nft_tokens_for_owner method"
```
